- PREVIOUSLY ON "TWISTED"...
- DANNY DESAI HAS FLED.
I THINK VIKRAM
MIGHT BE ALIVE.
NOTHING VIKRAM
EVER DID SURPRISED ME.
I'M CHARLIE McBRIDE.
I START MID-TERM TOMORROW
AT GREEN GROVE HIGH.
- SO I'LL SEE YOU AT SCHOOL.
- YEAH. I LOOK FORWARD TO IT.
- DO YOU REALLY
CARE ABOUT VIKRAM?
- HE'S MY HUSBAND.
HE WAS YOUR HUSBAND
WHEN WE WERE TOGETHER.
THAT WAS A LONG TIME AGO.
- I'M TOTALLY IN LOVE WITH YOU.
- RICO.
DANNY'S PRINTS ARE NOT
ON THAT MURDER WEAPON.
AND ALL ROADS
LEAD TO MARILYN.
MORE LIKE ALL ROADS
LEAD TO VIKRAM.
Danny:
HE MADE ME TAKE
THE BLAME FOR MY AUNT
AND THEN HE FRAMED
FOR REGINA.
EVERYTHING I DID
IS FOR GOOD REASON.
- YOU NEED TO PAY
FOR WHAT YOU DID TO ME.
- ( beeps )
NO, JO, DON'T--
GET OFF ME!
GIVE ME THAT PHONE!
GET OFF!
( both grunt )
- OH MY GOD.
DANNY, HE'S--
- NO.
- HE IS. OH GOD. OH.
- HEY.
HEY, LOOK AT ME.
LOOK AT ME.
ARE YOU OKAY?
DID HE HURT YOU?
- THIS ISN'T HAPPENING.
- HE WAS GONNA--
HE WAS GONNA
HURT YOU, OKAY?
- THAT'S--
HE WAS GONNA HURT YOU.
- I KNOW.
I KNOW. I'M OKAY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS--
THIS ACTUALLY--
DEAD. HE'S DEAD.
- DANNY.
- I KILLED HIM.
I KILLED HIM, RIGHT?
I KILLED MY OWN FATHER.
( theme music playing )
Jo:
WE SHOULD GO GET HELP.
NO ONE CAN HELP US.
MY DAD CAN.
THE POLICE C--
THE POLICE ARE ALREADY
HUNTING ME FOR ONE MURDER.
THEY'LL NEVER BELIEVE ME.
I CAN EXPLAIN.
I CAN SAY THAT
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT,
YOUR DAD WAS
OUT OF HIS MIND
AND THAT YOU WERE
TRYING TO SAVE ME.
AND WHO'S GONNA
BELIEVE YOU?
ESPECIALLY NOW THAT
THE WHOLE TOWN KNOWS YOU HAVE--
FEELINGS FOR YOU.
THERE'S ONLY
ONE THING I CAN DO.
NO.
I HAVE TO LEAVE
GREEN GROVE FOR GOOD.
- DANNY, THERE HAS
TO BE ANOTHER OPTION.
- NO, THERE'S NOT.
I JUST CAN'T HAVE THIS
RUIN YOUR LIFE, TOO.
- DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME.
- OF COURSE I'M WORRIED
ABOUT YOU, JO.
THERE'S NO OTHER CHOICE.
I CAN'T KEEP THIS
FROM MY PARENTS.
I'M SORRY.
I HAVE TO TELL THEM.
- I HAVE TO.
- I CAN'T GO TO JAIL.
JO, I CAN'T GO BACK THERE.
OKAY, UMM...
I CAN GIVE YOU
A HEAD START.
I'LL GO HOME
AND I WILL PACK A BAG
WITH FOOD, CLOTHES, MONEY
AND WHATEVER ELSE YOU NEED.
- YOU DON'T--
YOU DON'T HAVE TO.
- YEAH, I DO.
I HAVE TO,
SO I'LL BE BACK FIRST THING
TOMORROW MORNING.
YOU'LL STILL BE HERE, RIGHT?
SAY YOU'LL STILL BE HERE.
I'LL STILL BE HERE.
( Lacey sighs )
- MAYBE SHE WENT TO BED.
- IT'S NOT EVEN THAT LATE.
I DON'T KNOW.
STRESS MAKES JO SLEEPY.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
SHE KNOWS WHERE DANNY WENT?
I JUST HOPE HE'S ALL RIGHT.
HE COULD BE ANYWHERE.
HE'LL BE FINE.
HE'S SUPER AGILE AND CRAFTY
AND HE HAS THAT
LONG, THICK HAIR, SO...
THAT'LL KEEP HIS EARS WARM.
- AS LONG AS HIS EARS ARE WARM.
- COME ON. EVERYTHING IS GONNA
WORK OUT, ALL RIGHT?
CHIEF MASTERSON IS
GONNA SOLVE THE CASE
THEN DANNY'LL COME BACK
AND YOU TWO CAN, YOU KNOW,
SPOON, CUDDLE AND STUFF.
WHAT? NO,
THAT'S NOT EVEN WHY--
I JUST WANNA HELP HIM.
HE'S BEEN THROUGH SO MUCH.
- YEAH.
- I HAVE TO TALK
TO GLORIA CRANE.
SHE KNOWS SOMETHING ELSE.
I'M SURE OF IT.
WHY? BECAUSE SHE'S STANDING
NEXT TO DANNY'S DAD
IN A FEW PICTURES?
MAYBE HE'S JUST
REALLY INTO HORSES.
OR MAYBE GLORIA KNEW
WHAT WAS GOING ON BETWEEN
REGINA AND VIKRAM.
OKAY, BUT IF
SHE KNEW ANYTHING,
WHY WOULDN'T SHE HAVE
JUST TOLD THE COPS?
THAT'S WHAT
I NEED TO FIND OUT.
( door opens, closes )
JO.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
MOM, HEY.
I WAS JUST--
WHAT'S UP?
- WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
- JUST OUT, WALKING AROUND.
I GUESS I JUST
LOST TRACK OF TIME.
I'M SORRY.
I WAS WORRIED, HONEY.
WE'RE ALL A LITTLE ON EDGE
- WITH EVERYTHING
THAT'S HAPPENING.
- I KNOW. I'M SORRY.
I'M GONNA
GO TO BED, OKAY?
( breathing heavily )
( crying )
- ( people chattering )
- SO WHAT DID MAYOR ROLLINS SAY?
HE INSISTED ALBANY
SENT MARILYN TO HIM,
CLAIMED HE NEVER
EVEN KNEW HER.
- SEEMED A LITTLE CONVENIENT.
- A LITTLE?
ALL RIGHT,
EVERYONE, LISTEN UP!
FINDING MARILYN ROSSI
IS NOW OUR TOP PRIORITY.
I WANT YOU TO TRACK HER PHONE,
TRACK HER COMPUTER.
I WANT YOU TO ALERT
THE STATE TROOPERS,
- LET THEM KNOW ALL THE--
- IS THIS ABOUT DANNY?
- KAREN, I'M RIGHT IN--
- DID YOU FIND HIM?
NOT YET, BUT WE'RE LOOKING
FOR MARILYN ROSSI NOW.
SHE DISAPPEARED
FROM HER MOTEL ROOM
ABOUT HALF AN HOUR AGO.
SO THAT CONFIRMS THAT
SHE WAS SETTING DANNY UP.
RIGHT?
- I'M SORRY, YOU ARE...?
- JACK TAYLOR.
JACK'S AN OLD FRIEND.
KYLE, WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
- WHY WOULD SHE RUN?
- YOUR OLD FRIEND IS RIGHT.
SHE FALSIFIED THAT EVIDENCE.
WE HAVE PROOF SHE ALTERED IT,
FORGED THE REPORT.
THAT PIPE WASN'T EVEN
A REAL MURDER WEAPON.
- DANNY'S PRINTS
WERE NOWHERE ON IT.
- HE'S STILL OUT THERE ALONE,
TERRIFIED,
THINKING YOU'RE AFTER HIM.
I KNOW, BUT WE HAVE
TO FIND MARILYN FIRST.
THE ONLY REASON
SHE'D FRAME DANNY IS
TO COVER FOR HERSELF...
OR FOR SOMEONE ELSE.
AND THAT SOMEONE ELSE
YOU STILL THINK IS VIKRAM.
THESE-- THESE ARE
SOME OF VIKRAM'S THINGS.
- I USED TO WORK FOR HIM.
- JACK TOOK CARE OF VIK'S BOAT.
HE FOUND HIS THINGS
THAT HE'D LEFT BEHIND--
SOME FILES, SOME DISKS.
I DON'T KNOW.
I THOUGHT MAYBE IT WOULD
HELP YOU TRACK HIM DOWN.
WE'LL LOOK INTO IT.
WELL, TELL ME
WHAT ELSE I CAN DO.
NOTHING. GO HOME.
I CAN'T JUST
SIT AROUND WAITING.
YES, YOU CAN.
AND IF DANNY CONTACTS YOU,
TELL HIM TO COME BACK,
TELL HIM I'LL PROTECT HIM.
OKAY.
( knocks on door )
( loudly )
UH, JUST A SECOND, MOM.
UM, OKAY.
SORRY, IT'S-- IT'S ME.
- OH.
- CAN I COME IN?
UM, YEAH.
- WHAT ARE YOU--
- I JUST WANTED TO
MAKE SURE YOU WERE OKAY
AFTER ALL OF OUR
FUGITIVE-HARBORING
SHENANIGANS, SO...
YOUR MOM SAID
YOU JUST GOT HOME,
SO I DIDN'T THINK
I WAS BOTHERING YOU.
BUT IF I AM, I CAN--
I CAN LEAVE.
NO, RICO.
IT'S FINE.
YOU'RE RIGHT,
IT'S JUST BEEN
A LONG DAY, SO...
SO WHY HAVEN'T YOU BEEN
ANSWERING YOUR PHONE?
LACEY AND I HAVE BEEN
TRYING YOU ALL NIGHT.
SORRY ABOUT THAT, IT DIED.
I MEAN, THE BATTERY--
I NEED TO CHARGE IT.
THAT'S COOL.
LACEY IS WONDERING
IF YOU KNEW WHERE DANNY WENT.
- SHE'S PRETTY WORRIED
ABOUT HIM.
- HE'S FINE.
OH, SO YOU DO KNOW
WHERE HE IS?
I MEAN,
I'M SURE HE'S FINE,
'CAUSE HE'S DANNY.
RIGHT. OKAY.
THAT'S WHAT I--
WHAT I TOLD HER.
I HOPE WE'RE RIGHT.
I KEEP THINKING MAYBE
I MADE A MISTAKE,
LIKE MAYBE--
I DON'T KNOW--
I SHOULD'VE JUST CALLED
THE COPS WHEN HE FIRST
SHOWED UP AT MY PLACE.
- NO, YOU DID THE RIGHT THING.
- YEAH, WELL, I THOUGHT I DID.
BUT NOW I'M THINKING
ABOUT IT AND IT'S LIKE,
WE'RE ALL JUST KIDS,
EVEN DANNY.
HE SEEMS A LOT
OLDER BECAUSE HE WAS
A PRISONER AND STUFF,
BUT RUNNING AND HIDING
FROM THE POLICE IS NUTS.
I DON'T KNOW HOW
HE'S SUPPOSED TO
HANDLE THAT BY HIMSELF.
I CAN BARELY HANDLE
THE CHEMISTRY QUIZ
WE HAVE THIS WEEK,
AND THAT'S ONLY LIKE
HALF AS SCARY.
YEAH, I HAVEN'T STUDIED
FOR THAT THING AT ALL.
YEAH.
WELL, I SHOULD--
I SHOULD GO.
OKAY. UMM...
THANK YOU
FOR CHECKING ON ME.
DANNY?
DANNY, IT'S ME.
DANNY, I...
( door creaks )
HEY.
- I WAS WORRIED
THAT YOU'D ALREADY--
- I'M NOT GONNA RUN.
I THOUGHT ABOUT IT ALL NIGHT
AND I CAN'T LEAVE.
HOW COULD I NOT SEE
MY MOTHER AGAIN?
OR LACEY? OR YOU?
YEAH, I KINDA REALIZED
THE SAME THING.
FLEEING IS NOT
THE BEST PLAN.
PLUS I DON'T THINK
YOUR CLOTHES WOULD
FIT ME ALL TOO WELL.
OKAY, SO IF YOU'RE
NOT RUNNING, THEN--
I'M GOING BACK, RIGHT NOW,
AND I'M TELLING THE TRUTH.
ALL OF IT.
OKAY. I'LL BE WITH YOU
THE WHOLE TIME.
- WE'LL TELL
THE POLICE TOGETHER.
- WE'RE NOT TELLING THE POLICE.
WE'RE TELLING THE ONE PERSON
THAT MIGHT BE ABLE TO HELP US--
YOUR DAD.
WHATEVER THE CONSEQUENCES.
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?
EVERYONE'S TREATED ME
LIKE A KILLER FOR SO LONG.
- NOW--
- IT WAS AN ACCIDENT, DANNY.
I STILL DID IT.
IN SELF-DEFENSE.
HE WAS GONNA HURT YOU.
HE WANTED TO HURT BOTH OF US.
AND I WANTED
TO HURT HIM, TOO.
I WAS SO ANGRY.
AND A PART OF ME--
I THINK IN THAT MOMENT
A PART OF ME JUST
WANTED HIM TO DIE.
WELL, I DON'T BLAME YOU.
I GUESS WE'LL SEE
IF OTHER PEOPLE FEEL
THE SAME WAY.
THEY WILL.
THEY HAVE TO.
THE THINGS
THAT HE DID TO YOU, DANNY.
I WONDER IF ANYTHING
WAS REAL WITH HIM.
YOU KNOW? LIKE...
MAYBE HE NEVER LOVED ME.
MAYBE HE WASN'T CAPABLE
OF LOVING ANYONE.
SOCIOPATHS DON'T CARE
ABOUT OTHER PEOPLE, REMEMBER?
I GUESS
I'LL JUST NEVER KNOW.
I'LL-- I'LL NEVER KNOW
WHY HE KILLED TARA.
WELL, WE KNOW YOU DIDN'T.
THAT'S ALL
THAT MATTERS, OKAY?
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME
ON QUESTIONS
THAT YOU MAY NEVER
BE ABLE TO ANSWER.
IT'S NOT WORTH IT.
HE'S NOT WORTH IT.
( doorbell chimes )
- HEY.
JUST WANTED
TO SEE HOW YOU WERE.
WELL, I'M FINE.
GOOD. OKAY.
- YOU SLEEP AT ALL LAST NIGHT?
- NOT REALLY.
I-- I JUST KEEP WONDERING
IF THERE'S SOMETHING ELSE
I CAN DO.
THERE ISN'T.
- LET THE POLICE DO THEIR JOB.
- THIS IS ALL MY FAULT.
I OVERLOOKED VIKRAM'S--
WELL, HIS FLAWS FOR YEARS
- AND NOW--
- HEY HEY HEY, YOU DID
THE BEST YOU COULD.
YOU'RE A GREAT MOM.
AND YOU'RE A SMART,
AMAZING WOMAN.
VIKRAM NEVER DESERVED YOU.
YOU NEED TO BE WITH SOMEONE
WHO APPRECIATES YOU.
JACK, DON'T. OKAY?
I ALREADY TOLD YOU
I CAN'T DO THIS.
HEY, YOU CAME TO ME
FOR A REASON.
YEAH, I NEEDED YOUR HELP.
I THINK YOU MISS ME.
I MISS MY SON...
- AND I JUST WANT HIM BACK.
- I KNOW.
I'M SORRY. I, UH--
I THINK YOU SHOULD GO.
- ( door opens )
- OKAY.
IF THAT'S WHAT
YOU REALLY WANT.
- ( police radio chatter )
- ( people chattering )
( clicks )
( keyboard clicking )
HEY, JUST SPOKE
TO THE STATE TROOPERS,
STILL NO SIGN
OF MISS ROSSI'S VEHICLE
ON ANY MAJOR ROAD,
HIGHWAY, OUTER SPACE.
- CHIEF, ARE YOU LISTENING?
- HEY, EDDIE, COME HERE.
CHECK THIS OUT.
- Eddie: ARTICLES
OF INCORPORATION...
- Kyle: FOR MARNA, INC.
- JUST READ THE BOTTOM.
- ( mouse clicks )
Eddie:
SIGNED BY
VIKRAM DESAI AND...
MAYOR JOHN ROLLINS.
( sighs )
HE LIED. HE HAD TO HAVE
KNOWN THAT MARILYN WORKED
FOR VIKRAM WHEN HE HIRED HER.
SO NICE OF YOU
TO STOP BY, LACEY.
ARE YOU GONNA STAY
AND WATCH THE SHOW?
I CAN GET YOU
A FRONT-ROW SEAT.
ACTUALLY, I WAS KIND OF
THINKING OF STAYING
BACK HERE WITH YOU,
- MAYBE HELPING OUT A BIT.
- WELL, WE CAN ALWAYS
USE SOME HELP.
GO FIND ELAINE.
SHE'LL PUT YOU TO WORK.
OKAY.
LACEY PORTER,
ARE YOU STALKING ME?
I'M NOT REALLY SURE
THAT THIS QUALIFIES
AS OFFICIAL STALKING.
FINE, STALKING ADJACENT...
UNLESS YOU'RE HERE TO TRY
AND GRILL THE BOSS LADY.
NO GRILLING,
JUST LIGHT CHATTING.
SURE, SURE, LIGHT CHATTING
ABOUT YOUR BUDDY DANNY
BEING ACCUSED OF MURDERING
MRS. CRANE'S DAUGHTER.
( horse neighs )
I TOLD YOU DANNY
DIDN'T MURDER ANYONE.
EXCEPT HIS AUNT, RIGHT?
I DID A LITTLE
INTERNET BROWSING LAST NIGHT.
GREEN GROVE
IS NOT AS IDYLLIC
AS IT LOOKS, HUH?
WHATEVER. I SHOULD'VE
NEVER TALKED TO YOU
ABOUT ANY OF THIS.
YEAH, BUT SEE, THE THING IS
I'M ACTUALLY PRETTY GOOD
AT GETTING PEOPLE
TO OPEN UP TO ME.
I COULD HELP YOU
WITH THE BOSS LADY
IF YOU WANT, BUTTER HER UP.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
I SAY THAT SADDLE
LOOKS PRETTY HEAVY.
YOU SHOULD
KEEP ON MOVING.
WHAT? WHAT,
THIS LITTLE THING?
IT'S LIGHT AS A FEATHER.
SURE. SURE.
( chuckles )
Tess:
THIS IS MY THIRD MESSAGE.
I'M NOT SURE
- WHY YOU REFUSE
TO PICK UP YOUR PHO--
- ( door opens )
MOM.
- ( beeps )
- OKAY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
I WOKE UP AND YOU WERE GONE.
YOU CAN'T KEEP DOING THIS.
HEY, MRS. MASTERSON.
DANNY.
OH, THANK GOD YOU'RE OKAY.
EVERYONE'S BEEN
SO WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
I'M GONNA CALL
YOUR MOTHER RIGHT NOW.
- MOM, WAIT.
- WAIT.
- WE NEED TO TALK TO DAD.
- IT'S-- IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT.
CAN YOU CALL HIM
AND ASK HIM TO COME HOME?
HE'S OFF LOOKING
FOR THAT INVESTIGATOR,
MARILYN ROSSI.
HE HAS PROOF THAT SHE FAKED
THAT EVIDENCE AGAINST YOU.
HE KNOWS YOU DIDN'T
KILL REGINA, DANNY.
THIS WHOLE ORDEAL
IS ALMOST OVER.
Karen:
I WAS SO WORRIED.
I KNOW, MOM,
BUT I'M OKAY.
YOU MUST'VE BEEN
SO SCARED.
WHERE WERE YOU?
WHERE WERE YOU HIDING?
UHM, IT'S KIND OF
A LONG STORY, SO--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU'RE BACK
AND YOU'RE SAFE.
EVERYTHING WILL
BE OKAY NOW.
I PROMISE.
( sighs )
DID YOU TALK TO KYLE?
- YEAH, HE WAS SO RELIEVED.
- NO THANKS.
HE SAID DANNY SHOULD
KEEP A LOW PROFILE
WHILE HE FIGURES
ALL THIS OUT.
NOTHING ABOUT
THE CASE, MARILYN?
- VIKRAM?
- UH, NO.
BUT HE SOUNDED POSITIVE.
I DON'T THINK
I'VE EVER SEEN YOUR MOM
ACT LIKE THIS BEFORE.
WHAT, HAPPY?
YEAH, I GUESS
THAT'S PRETTY RARE.
WELL, AT LEAST
THEY'RE GETTING A CHANCE
TO ENJOY ALL OF THIS
- BEFORE WE...
- BLOW IT ALL UP?
- YEAH.
- JO, NONE OF THIS
CHANGES ANYTHING
THAT HAPPENED OUT THERE.
REMEMBER THAT.
Karen:
READY TO GO?
NOW? DON'T YOU--
DON'T YOU THINK
THAT WE SHOULD WAIT
FOR CHIEF MASTERSON?
HE SAID I SHOULD KEEP
A LOW PROFILE.
THAT DOESN'T MEAN
I CAN'T TAKE YOU HOME.
COME ON. I'LL MAKE YOU
SOMETHING TO EAT.
YOU CAN SHOWER,
GET SOME REST.
YOU'RE NOT A SUSPECT
ANYMORE, OKAY?
STOP THINKING THAT WAY.
COME ON.
UH, I'LL TALK TO YOU.
I'M PROUD OF YOU.
GETTING HIM TO COME BACK
WAS THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
TELL THE COUNCILMAN
I UNDERSTAND HIS POSITION--
HIS CONSTITUENTS.
I GET IT. BUT WE--
YOU LIED TO ME, JOHN.
( sighs )
EXCUSE ME
FOR A SECOND, OKAY?
( sighs )
WHAT THE HELL ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
YOU AND VIKRAM WERE
BUSINESS PARTNERS?!
- I-- HOLD ON.
- AND WHEN I ASKED YOU
ABOUT MARNA BEFORE,
YOU PRETENDED YOU NEVER
EVEN HEARD OF IT.
- I CAN EXPLAIN.
- YOU BETTER,
BECAUSE MY NEXT STOP
IS THE D.A.
- AND THEN IT GOES PUBLIC.
- JUST CALM DOWN, OKAY?
NOW LOOK,
THIS THING WITH VIKRAM,
- I KNOW HOW IT LOOKS.
- HOW IT LOOKS?!
IT LOOKS ILLEGAL, JOHN!
NOW WHY'D YOU PUT
MARILYN ON THE CASE?
- DID VIKRAM
SEND HER TO YOU?
- NO, VIKRAM HAD--
WELL, HE AND MARILYN ARE
INVOLVED IN REGINA'S MURDER,
AND I'M STARTING TO THINK
YOU MIGHT BE, TOO.
- WHAT? KYLE, WH--
- TELL ME THE TRUTH!
WHY DID YOU HIRE MARILYN?
THE CASE WAS GETTING
OUT OF HAND, OKAY?
YOU WERE
LOSING FOCUS AND A--
A SILENT PARTNER
AT MARNA SAID THAT
MARILYN COULD HELP,
THAT SHE WAS
TOP NOTCH, THE BEST.
BUT I SWEAR TO YOU,
I HAD NO IDEA ABOUT THIS
CONNECTION WITH VIKRAM.
WHAT SILENT PARTNER?
GLORIA CRANE.
( horses neighing )
HEY.
YOU WERE ALWAYS SO WILLING
TO GET YOUR HANDS DIRTY,
EVEN AS A KID.
REGINA, WELL,
SHE NEVER ACTUALLY WANTED
TO TOUCH THE HORSES.
JUST RIDE THEM
ONCE THEY WERE
GROOMED AND READY.
I REMEMBER.
I THINK ABOUT HER
ALL THE TIME.
ME TOO,
ESPECIALLY ON DAYS
LIKE TODAY.
IN THE LAST FEW DAYS WITH--
WITH DANNY ON THE RUN
YES, WELL, HOPEFULLY
THEY'LL FIND HIM SOON
AND WE CAN
ALL GET SOME CLOSURE.
YEAH, I HOPE
THAT'S ENOUGH,
FINDING HIM.
THERE'S STILL
SO MANY QUESTIONS.
WELL, IT'S REALLY
VERY SIMPLE, DEAR.
DANNY DESAI IS
A PSYCHOPATHIC KILLER
I DON'T THINK SO.
MRS. CRANE, I KNOW
THAT IT'S EASIER TO BELIEVE
THAT DANNY DID THIS,
BUT WHAT IF HE DIDN'T?
WHAT IF THE WRONG PERSON
GOES TO JAIL
FOR YOUR DAUGHTER'S MURDER?
WHAT IF VIKRAM
IS INVOLVED?
VIKRAM?
VIKRAM DESAI IS DEAD.
WE DON'T THINK HE IS.
IF YOU KNOW ANYTHING ELSE,
YOU HAVE TO TELL.
YOU HAVE TO GO TO THE POLICE
AND TELL THEM RIGHT NOW.
WHAT ELSE
DO YOU NEED, LACEY?
THERE'S A MURDER WEAPON
WITH HIS FINGERPRINTS ON IT,
HE HAS NO DISCERNABLE ALIBI,
HE FLED WHEN THE POLICE
SHOWED UP AT HIS HOME
- AND HE TOOK HER NECKLACE.
- NO, HE DIDN'T.
THEN WHY WAS IT
IN HIS LOCKER?
I-- I'M DONE HERE.
I'M DONE TALKING
TO YOU ABOUT THIS.
YOU OKAY?
- YEAH, THAT WAS KIND OF...
- INTENSE?
YEAH, IT SOUNDED LIKE
SHE WAS GONNA EAT YOU ALIVE.
- WHAT YOU SAY TO HER?
- CHIEF MASTERSON.
- LACEY.
- DID YOU TELL GLORIA CRANE
THAT DANNY FOUND
- THE NECKLACE IN HIS LOCKER?
- NO, WHY?
BECAUSE SHE KNEW ABOUT IT.
SHE JUST TOLD ME.
DO YOU THINK SHE WAS
THE ONE THAT PUT IT THERE?
( sighs )
I DON'T WANT
TO HAVE TO SAY IT AGAIN.
PEOPLE NEED TO TAKE
THEIR HORSES STRAIGHT BACK
TO THE STALLS
AFTER THEY COMPETE, OKAY?
THANK YOU.
WE NEED TO TALK.
NOW.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
IT'S TURKEY AND SWISS--
YOUR FAVORITE.
THANKS. I--
I JUST GUESS...
I'M NOT AS HUNGRY
AS I THOUGHT.
HOW CAN YOU NOT BE HUNGRY?
( chuckles )
WHAT, WERE YOU OUT THERE
HUNTING WILD BOAR?
LOOK, I KNOW
YOU MUST BE TRAUMATIZED
AFTER EVERYTHING
THAT'S HAPPENED,
BUT IT'S OVER NOW.
IT'S NOT THAT SIMPLE.
- IT CAN BE.
- NO.
IT CAN'T.
THIS IS ABOUT
YOUR FATHER, ISN'T IT?
JO TOLD ME...
THAT YOU OVERHEARD
ME AND KYLE TALKING,
HOW HE MIGHT STILL BE ALIVE
AND HIS POSSIBLE INVOLVEMENT
IN ALL OF THIS.
LISTEN TO ME.
WE DON'T NEED HIM.
- WE HAVE EACH OTHER.
- JUST STOP.
OKAY, PLEASE,
JUST STOP TALKING.
YOU HAVE NO CLUE
WHAT I AM GOING THROUGH.
SOMETHING HAPPENED OUT THERE,
THE LAST FEW DAYS.
I-- I DID SOMETHING.
I DID SOMETHING
THAT I CAN'T TAKE BACK.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU WERE TRAPPED IN
AN EXTREME SITUATION.
AND WHATEVER YOU DID OUT THERE,
YOU NEED TO LEAVE IT OUT THERE.
OKAY?
LIKE IT NEVER HAPPENED.
HOW CAN--
HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT?
BECAUSE IT'S TRUE.
I LOST YOU FOR FIVE YEARS.
I CAN'T LOSE YOU AGAIN.
MOM, OUR WHOLE FAMILY
IS BUILT ON SECRETS,
AND I WILL NOT ADD
ANOTHER ONE TO THAT PILE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT ELSE
YOU WANT ME TO SAY.
HOW ABOUT THE TRUTH?
YOU'RE EITHER
PROTECTING SOMEONE ELSE
- OR YOU'RE PROTECTING YOURSELF!
- MYSELF?
- HOW COULD YOU IMPLY--
- GLORIA, YOU SET UP
AN INNOCENT 16-YEAR-OLD BOY!
HE'S NOT INNOCENT!
VIKRAM SAW HIM!
HE SAW HIM KILL MY BABY!
- ( sighs )
- REGINA CALLED ME
THAT NIGHT THAT SHE...
IT WAS VERY LATE
AND SHE'D BEEN DRINKING.
SHE SAID THAT SHE WAS
INVITING DANNY OVER.
SHE WAS GONNA TELL HIM
EVERYTHING THAT SHE KNEW--
ABOUT VIKRAM BEING ALIVE,
ABOUT...
ABOUT WHAT?
VIKRAM AND I WERE
HAVING AN AFFAIR.
REGINA FOUND OUT.
SHE FOLLOWED ME ONE NIGHT
WHEN I WENT TO MEET HIM.
NO ONE ELSE COULD KNOW
THAT VIKRAM WAS ALIVE.
IT WAS
TOO DANGEROUS FOR HIM.
SO VIKRAM PAID HER
TO KEEP QUIET?
I DIDN'T KNOW
ABOUT THE BLACKMAIL
UNTIL THAT NIGHT
WHEN SHE CALLED.
SHE TOLD ME THAT SHE...
DIDN'T WANT
HIS MONEY ANYMORE,
THAT SHE COULDN'T KEEP
ALL OF THIS FROM DANNY.
WHO KNOWS WHAT ELSE
SHE TOLD THAT BOY?
HE MUST'VE FLOWN
INTO A RAGE--
- VIKRAM LIED TO YOU.
- NO.
HE LOVED ME.
AND I LOVED HIM.
HE WAS PLANNING
TO LEAVE KAREN FOR ME.
HE TRIED TO HELP ME.
HE SENT MARILYN.
SHE GOT THAT NECKLACE,
GAVE IT TO ME.
AND WHEN I WENT TO SCHOOL
TO PICK UP REGINA'S THINGS,
I PUT IT THERE
IN DANNY'S LOCKER.
MARILYN HAD THE COMBINATION--
I DON'T KNOW HOW--
BUT SHE PROMISED ME
THAT THE POLICE
WOULD CHECK THERE.
SHE TOLD ME THAT
THEY WOULD FIND IT.
MARILYN'S A CRIMINAL.
SHE PLANTED A FAKE
MURDER WEAPON
AND THEN SHE DISAPPEARED,
JUST LIKE VIKRAM.
- I NEED TO KNOW WHERE HE IS.
- I DON'T KNOW.
HE MOVED AROUND A LOT.
HE ALWAYS CALLED
FROM A BLOCKED NUMBER
WHAT ABOUT MARILYN?
YOU KNOW HOW
TO REACH HER, DON'T YA?
GLORIA?
I GOT YOUR MESSAGE.
- ( gun cocks )
- GLORIA COULDN'T MAKE IT.
YOU'RE SMARTER
THAN THAT, MARILYN.
( sighs )
- ( clatters )
- STEP AWAY FROM THE WEAPON,
HANDS ON YOUR HEAD
WHERE I CAN SEE 'EM.
YOU KNOW THE DRILL.
UP AGAINST THE WALL.
( handcuffs clicking )
- ( police radio chatter )
- IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD
AN ATTORNEY,
ONE WILL BE
PROVIDED FOR YOU.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND THE RIGHTS
THAT I'VE JUST READ TO YOU?
WITH THESE RIGHTS IN MIND,
DO YOU WISH TO SPEAK TO ME?
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
YOU KILLED REGINA,
DIDN'T YOU?
THAT WHY VIKRAM PAID YOU
THE 100,000? TO KILL HER?
TO MAKE HIS OWN SON
TAKE THE FALL FOR IT?
ALL OF THE ABOVE?
YOU REALLY WANT
TO GO DOWN FOR THIS ALONE?
I HAVE GLORIA CRANE
WILLING TO TESTIFY
THAT YOU TOOK THE NECKLACE
FROM THAT CRIME SCENE.
I HAVE A FAKE MURDER WEAPON
AND PROOF THAT VIKRAM PAID YOU.
I STRONGLY SUGGEST
YOU START TALKING.
DOESN'T MATTER WHAT I SAY.
YOU'LL NEVER FIND HIM.
WHO? VIKRAM?
SORRY, CHIEF,
YOU'RE TOO LATE.
HE'S LONG GONE BY NOW.
Man:
LET'S GO.
( doorbell chimes )
- IS HE STILL HERE?
- LACEY, WHAT--
WHERE IS HE?
IS HE OKAY?
HE'S FINE. HE WAS HERE.
HE JUST WENT HOME ALREADY.
- ( sighs )
- HE REALLY WANTS TO SEE YOU.
HE'S JUST--
HE'S WITH HIS MOM, SO--
OKAY.
WHY DIDN'T YOU CALL ME
WHEN HE CAME BACK?
IT'S BEEN A CRAZY DAY.
I SHOULD'VE. I JUST--
HOW'D YOU EVEN KNOW
HE WAS HERE?
- YOUR DAD TOLD ME.
- WHEN DID YOU--
I WAS AT THE POLICE STATION,
GIVING A STATEMENT
ABOUT GLORIA CRANE.
REGINA'S MOM?
- Tess: JO, GET IN HERE.
- YEAH.
Woman on TV:
In a shocking development,
police have apprehended
investigator Marilyn Rossi
in the murder of Regina Crane.
Rossi's arrest
comes only weeks
after widespread belief
that local teen Danny Desai
- was the leading
suspect in the case.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
- ( chatter on TV )
- Jo: I KNOW, IT'S--
- IT'S AMAZING.
- HE FINALLY HAS
A CHANCE TO START OVER.
- ( exhales sharply )
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- ( beeping )
- CALLING DANNY.
- MISS ROSSI WILL
REMAIN HERE IN CUSTODY...
- ( cameras clicking )
...UNTIL THE D.A. ARRIVES
AND TAKES HER OFFICIAL
STATEMENT.
DID SHE SAY
WHY SHE KILLED HER?
EVEN WITH MISS ROSSI'S
CONFESSION,
THIS IS STILL
AN ONGOING INVESTIGATION.
I CAN'T COMMENT
ON A SPECIFIC MOTIVE.
THANK YOU.
THAT'S ALL I HAVE
FOR YOU NOW.
- THANK YOU.
- ( reporters chattering )
- DANNY! GET OVER HERE!
- MOM, WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
GO HOME.
- Man: DANNY! DANNY DESAI.
- PLEASE GET IN THE CAR!
- ( reporters chattering )
- Kyle: ALL RIGHT,
WAIT A SECOND.
- GIVE HIM SOME ROOM.
GIVE HIM SOME ROOM.
- DANNY!
Kyle:
OKAY, OKAY,
BACK OFF, BACK OFF.
- GIVE HIM SOME ROOM.
- DANNY, HOW DOES IT FEEL
- TO FINALLY BE VINDICATED?
- Man #2: DANNY, COULD WE
GET A STATEMENT?
- Woman: AFTER ALL
YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH.
- Kyle: I JUST WANT TO SAY,
ON BEHALF OF MYSELF
AND THE ENTIRE GREEN GROVE
POLICE DEPARTMENT...
I'M SORRY, DANNY.
I'M SORRY FOR EVERYTHING
YOU HAD TO GO THROUGH.
DANNY, THE WHOLE TOWN
WAS WRONG ABOUT YOU.
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
( scattered murmuring )
UMM...
( gulps )
- I FEEL GREAT.
IT FEELS REALLY GREAT.
- ( reporters chattering )
EXCUSE ME.
MY SON HAS BEEN
THROUGH ENOUGH.
HE'S DONE TALKING NOW.
Man:
MS. DESAI, HOW ARE YOU
FEELING ABOUT ALL THIS?
I FEEL AMAZING.
I'VE ALWAYS KNOWN
THAT DANNY'S INNOCENT.
AND TO HAVE THE WHOLE TOWN
THINK YOU'RE A SUSPECT--
IT'S TAKEN IT'S TOLL.
SO WE'RE READY
FOR A FRESH START.
IN YOUR WILDEST DREAMS,
- DID YOU EVER THINK
IT'D END LIKE THIS?
- ( laughs )
Karen:
I KNEW THE TRUTH WOULD
COME OUT. MY SON IS INNOCENT.
( reporters chattering )
YOU AGAIN. WOW.
I SAW YOU ON THE NEWS.
I WANTED TO HEAD DOWN
AND CHECK OUT THE PARTY.
SORRY, THE PARTY'S
PRETTY MUCH OVER.
AH. OH WELL.
HEY, I'M GLAD
THINGS WORKED OUT
FOR YOUR BUDDY DANNY.
ME TOO.
- SO WHY ARE YOU...
- ( sighs deeply )
...WALKING BACK ALONE?
SHOULDN'T YOU BE OUT
CELEBRATING WITH THE GUY?
HE WENT HOME
WITH HIS MOM.
JUST TIRED,
YOU KNOW?
- I TOTALLY GET IT.
- YEAH YEAH.
SURE, OF COURSE.
SORRY IF I WAS
A LITTLE TENSE WITH YOU
TODAY AT THE STABLE.
IT WAS JUST...
( sighs )
- A TENSE SITUATION.
- YEAH.
- I WAS THERE.
- ( both laugh )
I THOUGHT YOU HANDLED IT
PRETTY WELL, ACTUALLY.
THANKS.
WELL, I SHOULD GO.
- SO I'LL SEE YOU AT SCHOOL.
- YEAH.
- SEE YOU.
- BYE.
( both chuckle )
KYLE.
( chuckles )
I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE OKAY.
I'M FINE, HONEY.
I'M FINE.
IT'S ALL OVER,
ISN'T IT?
YOU SHOULD BE
SO PROUD OF YOURSELF.
- I KNOW I AM.
- VIKRAM'S STILL OUT THERE.
CUT YOURSELF A BREAK.
YOU CAUGHT
REGINA'S KILLER TODAY.
MARILYN DIDN'T ACT ALONE.
- MAYBE SHE DID.
- HE PAID HER FOR IT.
AND NOW, FOR SOME REASON,
SHE'S COVERING FOR HIM.
HE SEEMS GOOD
AT GETTING PEOPLE
TO COVER FOR HIM.
HE'S OUT THERE SOMEWHERE,
AND I'M GONNA FIND HIM.
( squeaks, bangs )
THERE'S STILL
ALL THESE REPORTERS
CAMPED OUT FRONT.
I DIDN'T REALLY FEEL LIKE
GETTING MY PICTURE TAKEN, SO--
YOU'RE DOING
THE RIGHT THING.
IT'S BETTER THIS WAY.
IT'S BETTER FOR EVERYONE
IF WE JUST...
NO ONE EVER HAS TO KNOW.
- WE'LL KNOW.
- WE'LL FORGET.
( scoffs ) HOW?
- DANNY.
- WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED TO DO?
- GO BACK TO OUR LIVES?
- WE HAVE TO.
FORGET WHAT WE SAW?
WHAT I DID?
HOW? HOW CAN YOU DO THAT?
DANNY, BECAUSE I HAVE TO.
YOU HAVE A CHANCE
TO BE THIS...
TO BE THIS NORMAL PERSON...
TO START OVER WITH EVERYONE,
WITH THE WHOLE TOWN.
DO YOU KNOW
HOW RARE THAT IS?
TO GET A SECOND CHANCE?
YOU CAN'T GIVE THAT UP.
I WON'T LET YOU.
MAYBE I DON'T DESERVE
A SECOND CHANCE, JO.
YOU DESERVE IT
MORE THAN ANYONE.
NOT MORE THAN YOU.
I CAN'T FORGET.
BUT... I'M NOT GONNA
SAY ANYTHING...
FOR YOU.
- AND FOR YOURSELF.
- NO. FOR YOU.
AND FOR LACEY.
I JUST WANT BOTH
OF YOU TO BE HAPPY.
AND WE CAN BE.
ALL THREE OF US.
I HOPE YOU'RE RIGHT.
SO DO THE POLICE STILL THINK
DANNY'S DAD IS BEHIND IT ALL?
I DON'T KNOW.
ALL THAT MATTERS IS
THAT IT'S OVER NOW.
RIGHT, YEAH, OF COURSE.
SO HOW'S DANNY DOING?
GOOD.
HE'S GOOD.
I THINK HE'S JUST RELIEVED.
WE ALL ARE.
YEAH, I BET.
YOU SEEMED PRETTY UPSET
WHEN I CAME OVER LAST NIGHT.
YEAH. WELL,
IT WAS STRESSFUL, SO--
WHAT ARE YOU WORKING ON?
OH, THAT CHEMISTRY QUIZ.
REMEMBER?
RIGHT. I AM
SO SCREWED FOR THAT.
I'LL CATCH YOU UP.
OKAY. THANKS.
RICO.
WE NEVER ACTUALLY
DISCUSSED, LIKE...
WHAT HAPPENED WITH US.
OH YEAH, LOOK,
WE DON'T--
WE DON'T NEED
TO TALK ABOUT THAT,
YOU KNOW. ( scoffs )
- THAT WAS LIKE
A MILLENNIUM AGO.
- ( chuckles ) YEAH.
I THINK IT WAS
ONLY TWO NIGHTS.
- YEAH, IT WAS
- I JUST...
I WANNA MAKE SURE
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH I...
THESE NIGHTS THAT WE'VE
SPENT HERE IN OUR BOOTH?
I'VE NEVER
APPRECIATED THEM MORE.
- REALLY?
- DEFINITELY.
THEY'RE SOME
OF THE BEST NIGHTS
OF MY LIFE.
HEY.
YOUR MOM SAID THAT
YOU WERE AT JOHNNY CAKES.
ARE YOU ON YOUR WAY
TO GO SEE HIM?
DANNY? NO.
I'M SURE HE NEEDS TIME
TO DECOMPRESS.
THIS IS ALL SO WEIRD,
ISN'T IT?
WHAT'S WEIRD?
IT'S ALL FINALLY OVER.
EVERYTHING WITH REGINA
AND DANNY.
I FEEL LIKE I CAN BREATHE
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN WEEKS.
YOU REALLY CARE
ABOUT HIM, DON'T YOU?
- WE BOTH DO.
- YEAH BUT, I MEAN,
WITH EVERYTHING YOU'VE DONE
TO HELP HIM,
TO PROVE HIS INNOCENCE.
YOU TWO SHOULD BE TOGETHER.
- JO, COME ON, WE DIDN'T--
- NO, I'M SERIOUS.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME.
IF YOU WANT TO BE WITH HIM,
YOU SHOULD.
I NEVER ASKED YOU-- WHAT--
WHAT DO YOU THINK DANNY
WAS GONNA TELL YOUR DAD?
OH, AT THE--
AT THE POLICE STATION?
YEAH, HE SEEMED
REALLY ANXIOUS
TO TALK TO HIM.
DO YOU THINK IT WAS
ABOUT VIKRAM AND AUNT TARA?
I DON'T KNOW. MAYBE.
I HOPE SO. I MEAN,
IT'S NOT LIKE HE NEEDS
TO PROTECT
HIS DAD ANYMORE, RIGHT?
SO HE MIGHT AS WELL
TELL THE TRUTH--
HE WAS NEVER A KILLER.
WELL, MAYBE IT'S EASIER
TO LEAVE ALL OF THAT
IN THE PAST, THOUGH.
I MEAN, WOULD ANYONE
EVEN BELIEVE HIM
AFTER FIVE YEARS?
- THERE'S NO ONE THERE
TO BACK HIM UP.
- EXCEPT VIKRAM.
I HOPE YOUR DAD FINDS HIM.
ME TOO.
( folk music playing )
Man:
Ms. Desai, how do you
feel about all this?
I feel amazing.
I've always known...
♪ MEMORIES ARE JUST
WHERE YOU LAID THEM ♪
♪ TREADING THE WATERS ♪
♪ TILL THE DEPTHS
GIVE UP THEIR DEAD ♪
♪ WHAT DID
YOU EXPECT TO FIND? ♪
- ♪ WAS IT SOMETHING
YOU LEFT BEHIND? ♪
- ( buzzing )
♪ DON'T YOU REMEMBER ♪
♪ ANYTHING I SAID
WHEN I SAID ♪
♪ DON'T FALL AWAY ♪
♪ AND LEAVE ME TO MYSELF ♪
♪ AND LEAVE LOVE
BLEEDING IN MY HANDS ♪
♪ IN MY HANDS AGAIN ♪
♪ AND LEAVE LOVE
BLEEDING IN MY HANDS ♪
♪ IN MY HANDS AGAIN ♪
♪ OH, WHOA... ♪
DON'T DO THIS
TO YOURSELF.
I TRIED YOUR WHOLE LIFE
TO PROTECT YOU FROM HIM,
WHO HE REALLY IS.
I JUST WISH
I HAD DONE A BETTER JOB.
BUT YOU'RE OKAY.
YOU GREW
INTO THIS GREAT PERSON,
THIS WONDERFUL MAN.
A BETTER MAN
THAN YOUR FATHER.
I'M NOT SO SURE
ABOUT THAT.
WHAT? HOW CAN YOU
EVEN SAY THAT?
- BECAUSE IT'S TRUE.
- DANNY, IF YOU'RE UPSET
ABOUT SOMETHING,
JUST TRY NOT
TO THINK ABOUT IT.
YOU CAN GO ON PRETENDING
THAT EVERYTHING IS PERFECT,
AND I WILL BE THINKING ABOUT
THIS FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
I MIGHT AS WELL
BE BACK IN PRISON.
Tess:
VIKRAM, IT'S ME AGAIN.
WHY AREN'T YOU PICKING UP?
KYLE'S LOOKING FOR YOU.
HE'S DETERMINED TO FIND YOU.
I'M SO CONFUSED.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO BELIEVE ANYMORE.
BUT I KNOW ONE THING:
I CAN'T KEEP DOING THIS.
NO MORE LIES,
NO MORE SECRETS.
YOU HAVE TO
TURN YOURSELF IN.
IT'S TIME TO EXPLAIN.
YOU NEED
TO EXPLAIN EVERYTHING.